as the s e l. There are a lot of things that causes, uh, me a lot of stress.
Um, the way I deal with my sailors, the way I deal with my triad.
My commanding officer, Um, I worry a lot. I worry a lot about how
the people around me are affected by their situations, Uh, their
lives both professionally and and personally. Um, and that for me, causes
a lot of stress. Um, for example, when I have conversations with
my commanding officer, uh, about how we want to do certain things
as faras running the command and how we deal with our sailors, Um,
if he doesn't understand, uh, that each sailor has to be, um, dealt
with, um, on a case by case basis. And I have to advise him of that
that all sailors are not the same, that they're different. Um, that
concerns me. And and and it worries me, and it does cause me some stress.
Um, when I'm dealing with my sailors and they don't understand
that I have to deal with them, um, actually, on a by case basis and
everything in their situation, um, is different from maybe their peer
or their junior sailor and I have to deal with them on different
levels. Um, that's stressful. Um, and it is because I do worry. I want
the best out of everyone. And it does cause me thio to feel a little
stressful E.